I'll be back! I'm free!
No-o-o!
'We're presently flying
at an altitude of 35,000 feet.'
'Below us is the picturesque
city of Springwood.'
Come on. Come on. Come on.
Welcome to
the five mile-high club, Carl.
What was that?
Oh, my God!
What's going on here?
'Yes, beautiful Springwood.'
'Home to the Springwood High
hockey champs, The Flyers.'
'Jim, the starboard thrusters
aren't responding.'
'Give it all she's got.'
'Nothing, uh..'
'Radio ahead.'
'That was the engine.
It's gone.'
'Uh, we're experiencing some
problems due to turbulence'
'but we will be clear
in seconds.'
Please remain calm.
The cabin
has been depressurized.
Take the mask from above you
and yank the rubber tube
'to start the oxygen flow.'
'First, attend to your mask.
Then to your child's.'
It's not working!
If all else fails,
refer to the emergency card
in the pouch in front of you.
I can't, I can't breathe.
You're holding everyone up.
I can't breathe.
'You're holding everyone up.'
'You're holding everyone up'
- Carl?
- I beg your pardon!
Oh, I'm sorry.
- Excuse me. I'm sorry.
- Thanks.
- The usual?
- Yeah. Yeah.
Make it a double.
I can't wait to land.
I got a room in the same
bed and breakfast place
in Springwood. Do you remember
the last time we were there?
I..
Repeat after me.
Flying is the safest
form of travel.
- Flying--
- It doesn't help.
Think about...
three nights of bliss
in Springwood, not the flight.
I feel better already.
How's your dad?
Uh..
'I'm sorry.'
Is there anything I can do
Yeah.
Help me run the company.
No, thanks.
Carl?
Carl Ashe?
Hey, junior, it's been a while.
Do I know you?
You don't remember me?
I used to work
for your father.
Hey, I'm sorry about that.
- Thanks.
- Jim Worth.
Hello again.
Plant supervisor
for the factory in Chicago
Well, I've never seen you there.
I was fired
a couple of years ago.
Your father made it a point
never to employ anyone
that criticizes operations.
Wait a minute. I do know you.
But if I remember, dad fired you
because you had a, uh..
...a drinking problem.
Had.
Yeah.
But if you knew then what
I knew about the company, you--
What? Knew what?
Let's just say that I'm glad
I'm flying this airline.
But now with you in charge
I'm sure you're gonna
turn the company around.
How about a refill?
Yeah. Yeah.
And you?
Soda.
Thanks.
Carl Ashe Jr. is gonna be sorry
he ever flew the deadly skies.
Uninvited.
The drinks didn't work, huh?
'...welcome you to Flight 976
Chicago to Springwood.'
'Enjoy the flight.'
You don't know yoga, do ya?
Look, this is what you do,
you relax..
...then you breathe deep.
I-I missed that class.
A tranquilizer.
Maybe a tranquilizer
would help you.
You're making the other
passengers very nervous.
Look, someday you won't
have to worry about all this.
You'll retire and you'll
spend the rest of your life
in a mansion in Palm Springs.
And if you're a good boy,
I'll come visit you
once a month when I fly in.
Sue? Sue, can I go
talk to the captain?
I think there might be
a problem with the electrical--
Shh, shh, shh.
Carl.
That's nonsense.
Now, you know
how you are about flying.
Okay.
Sue, I-I..
It's all in your mind.
Okay, okay.
Dammit!
Stewardess?
Ah.
Get back!
Get out of here!
Death to Ashe Air Parts!
Is that everyone?
'I think so.'
And now we have
a bargaining chip.
Shit.
Hey, Ralph.
We missed one.
Get up, slug.
Easy, easy, easy.
I thought I killed
them all, Abbie.
Hey, I love this suit.
Fabulous pinstripe.
Hold this.
Well, looky here, Abbie.
It's the chairman
of the board himself.
Mr. Carl Ashe Jr., I might add.
- What's going on?
- Quiet...Death Merchant!
'You're making this
really easy.'
Who are you people?
We represent
the Consumer Terrorist Squad.
We fight for the people's right
to have a quality life.
Yeah, and court's in session.
Sit!
Kill him..
...like the others.
'We sentence you to death..'
...by firing squad.
You're gonna destroy
the whole plane!
No...this..
...will destroy the plane.
No! No! No!
Goodbye, Mr. Ashe.
Come on. Come on, dammit!
'We have clearance to land.'
'Please prepare for boarding.'
Have you seen my ball?
Oh, never mind.
Sue?
Take your seat, please.
- Enjoy your flight.
- We intend to.
This looks exactly
like the plane
we took the last time.
Sue, where are we?
Prepare for departure.
My God, Carly! Not you!
I-it's a hijack, son!
Help me, son!
It's a hijack!
A hija-a-ack!
Hello?
Oh!
You wanna fly
the plane with me?
The pilot said
I could fly it.
Shh. Be-be quiet.
Go-go take your seat.
I can do whatever I want!
Hello?
Oh.
And now, our in-flight movie
for your viewing enjoyment.
We're proud to bring you
"Airport.."
- Oh, boy!
- Oh!
I've been waiting
to see that!
Oh, how wonderful!
'But first,
a word from our sponsors.'
Ashe Air Parts have provided
us with some of the most
spectacular crashes of all time.
I had a whole 40 minutes
to scream and pray
before we hit the ground.
It was exhilarating.
I was going to grandma's.
It was Christmas time.
Santa was flying
outside the plane.
Then Santa took the engines off
for his sled.
I hear he finished
early that year
'cause his sled went faster.
I miss Christmas.
Don't you?
'Ashe Air Parts'
'the company
that couldn't care less.'
It's lies, all lies!
I know it's hard to swallow.
Oh. Oh, my stomach.
Here!
Was it something you ate?
Hey, do that again!
'Attention, all passengers.'
'We have reached
our final destination.'
'The great beyond.'
'Please exit the plane
in an orderly fashion.'
On behalf of the crew
and members
of Flight 976
we just wanted to say..
- Bye.
Have a great day.
Thanks for flying
Trans City Air.
'Uh, uh, give me a wrench.
Twelve millimeter.'
- 'Dad?'
- Where is that wrench?
Dammit! Give me a hand!
What, what are you doing?
Getting rid of the evidence.
Oh, oh..
Old parts, Carly.
All those planes we've worked on
we fitted with
third-rate equipment.
How could you do that, dad?
Oh, don't yell at me.
In all the times
you were busy rebelling
you should've
been helping me.
Mmm. I did all for you,
so you can live better.
Well, why didn't you tell me?
Let's talk some more, huh.
Them nuts and bolts..
Then it gets going,
you know, fins, masks
thrusters, airplane gears.
I mean, even<col12
Then it's the 12-set
screwdrivers going
for $2000 to the government.
The Pentagon
for crying out loud.
I had no idea, dad.
I had no idea.
Don't play innocent.
You knew when you were working
in the darkroom for me.
You always knew.
You'd laugh at me and say
"Skipper, let the buyer beware!"
Well, it's not too late, dad.
Dad, I, I can, I-I can
turn things around.
I can change all that!
Daddy. Dad..
Help me, dad.
Help me set the plane down!
Don't you think I've tried
We're stuck
in automatic pilo-o-ot!
Toys! Toys, daddy.
Daddy, no! No!
No!
No. Oh, daddy. Daddy, no.
Daddy.
- Thank you.
- Bye.
Thank you.
Hey, Carly, rise and shine.
We're in Springwood.
You know what that means?
Party!
Carl?
Carl.
Oh, no.
Carl...what have you done?
What have you done?
Oh.. Damn you.
What did you do?
Wake up, please.
Carl, just...wake up.
You don't know
what you meant to me.
Carl...pl..
Our friend Carly could use
some spare parts right now.
It maybe a brain or a heart.
The only way to fly!
'How about another, Rog?'
Last call was five minutes ago.
Party pooper.
Someone die?
Hi.
Hello.
How was the funeral?
How come you weren't there
Funerals aren't my thing.
Yeah, but still
he was your
I wouldn't go that far.
Oh.
We had some fun.
Wanna dance?
No, I'm not..
You dance like a married man.
Well, how can you tell?
I was married.
Oh, Betty was a great dancer.
You remind me a lot of Betty.
Why don't you come home with me?
You can sleep it off.
How do I know you're not
some kind of weirdo?
I promise, I won't touch you.
That's the kind of weirdo
I'm talking about.
Rog, hold all my messages.
Yeah, sure.
Our little Sue
seems to be looking for love
in all the wrong places.
But I can handle barflies.
Where are we? Heh heh.
I bought this place
for Betty.
She was also a stewardess.
When we were married she thought
she was going to love it here.
But she couldn't stand being
so isolated from everything.
So do you take free spirits
and lock them up?
Oh, no. No.
Out here we set you free.
What happened to Betty?
She died in an accident
a year ago.
I'm sorry.
So am I.
Impressive.
What'd you say
you did for a living?
I write technical journals.
I spend a lot of time here.
Let me get your things.
Wo-o-ow.
Cozy.
You sleep in there
and I'll bunk in here.
Voila.
You thief.
Oh, I'm no thief.
I'm a collector.
It's more than a hobby.
It's a fetish.
Like feet
or edible underwear.
Youareweird.
But harmless.
Let me show you the kitchen.
Voila.
Here it is.
Feel free to use it.
How about some cocoa?
Well, I've basically
told you my life story.
Why don't you
tell me about yours?
You know, Jim..
...I wouldn't mind it
if you tried something.
I think a woman should be
idolized and not treated as..
Well, you know?
You're shy.
I like that in a guy.
But you brought me here
for a reason, Jim.
Don't play innocent.
Well, why did you
come here with me?
Why not?
We both want the same thing.
What's that?
Look, it's..
Why don't you turn in?
It's, it's 5:30 in the morning.
Where are you goin'?
I'm gonna try my luck
at some fishing.
Now?
It's the best time for it.
Oh, and..
...if you're thinkin'
of goin' out
try not to stray too far.
These woods are filled
with hunters. They..
They'll shoot at anything
once they've had
their prerequisite
six pack of beer.
Thanks for the warning.
Kinky.
'Get up.'
I said, "Get up!"
No.
I said..
Get up, Sue.
Rise and shine.
Breakfast is ready.
Mmm, thank you very much,
Mr. Worth.
Mmm.
Good morning.
This is the country, honey.
Drawl it out.
Oh, alright.
Good mornin', Ms. Kaller.
I hope you like fish.
I do.
Well, good.
'Cause you're gonna clean 'em.
No way, you caught 'em,
you kill 'em, okay?
Well, they're already dead. See?
Get those things away from me!
- Mmm.
- Ha ha ha.
Oh, you're just like Betty.
Betty hated fishing.
Are you feeling
better this mornin'?
Much better.
However, I think
I should be goin'.
'Why don't you enjoy your coffee
out on the porch?'
I've gotta clean these fish
before they stink up the place.
Have you had enough to eat?
Oh, I'm stuffed.
We'll work that off later.
Mmm.
What's that smell?
My stuff.
Damn!
See something you like?
Oh, I see you've met Betty.
Oh, my..
...God.
Sue..
...I don't, I don't
wanna hurt you.
Only preserve you.
Save you from your
destructive self.
You're going to hell, man!
I know your kind!
You think you can keep us.
Well, you can't.
You won't!
'Stop it! Stop it! Stop--'
I'm gonna let you
think about it a while.
I'm gonna give you plenty
of time to make a decision.
No! Let go of me!
- You--
- No!
'You take a look inside!'
No, let me go!
Let go of me!
Let me out!
You bastard!
Oh, my God.
'No. No!'
'No-o-o!'
'Please help me. Somebody.'
'Somebody help me.'
'Please!'
'Please! I know you're there!'
'Let me out of here!'
'I can hear you!'
'I know you're out there!'
'Help me! Please!'
'Don't you leave me in here!'
'You damn whore!'
'Come back here! I'll get you!'
Stop!
Stop, please, stop!
Please give me
a ride to town?
Sure. Here,
cover yourself up.
Oh, thank you,
you're very kind.
Where are you coming from?
I'm coming from back there,
this cabin..
Oh, never mind,
it's-it's over with.
Argument with your husband
How could I be so stupid?
I should have known
never to go home with strangers.
You're no better
than a ten-dollar tramp
if you ask me.
You're trying to get out
of another commitment, huh?
'Well, you can only
dumps
'before they'll want revenge.'
Best thing to do is put your
wanton heart to rest. Wai..
Um, somebody's
trying to hurt me.
'A man.'
He has a gun.
'I have to get to town,
I'll pay you money.'
Please?
My boys don't talk much, miss.
Grady, get the hose.
'Don't she remind you
of that other woman?'
What was her name?
Boy...is that the good stock?
'Her name was Betty.'
'Tom.'
How about a little
Southern hospitality, trollop?
You got five minutes head start
then we're comin' after you.
I just wanna go home.
Well, you don't look
decent enough to have a home.
Come on, boys..
...I hear there's snipe
runnin' loose in the wood.
There she is.
Ow!
- Come on.
- 'Let's go.'
Take it easy!
No, no biting!
Now..
...that's a nice girl.
Now...no mistakes, Suzie
or I'm gonna break your leg
and leave you here.
Now, you don't want that,
do you?
Good.
No sounds.
Now...you havetwoopt
Them...or me.
Which is it gonna be?
Move it.
'Howdy, Jezebel.
Welcome aboard.'
Love is a trap, baby.
No.
Smile for the camera.
'Big smile. Look at the birdie.'
'Say cheese.'
'Big, big smile now.'
'That's right.'
'You started this.'
'This is not my idea of R&R.'
'I'm outta here.'
Oh, no!
- Something wrong?
- Oh! Oh, God!
'Help! Help!'
No!
Oh, my God.
Sue, where are you goin'?
Help.
Everything's an endangered
species these days.
Especially...nice girls.